docs: add template ref var to glossary (#36743)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/glossary.md

Read about how to write template expressions in  [Template expressions](guide/template-syntax#template-expressions).

> ## template reference variable

Reviewer: add anchor: {@a template-reference-variable}

A template reference variable, `#var`, is a reference to a DOM element within a template.

> 

Reviewer: a reference anchor that you add to a DOM element within a template. Elements can share information by referring to one another through these variables.

(Maybe show how you make a reference using the variable?)

> For more information about template reference variables, see the [Template reference variable](guide/template-syntax#ref-var) section of [Template Syntax](guide/template-syntax).

Reviewer: For more information, see...

> 

Reviewer: of the [Template Syntax](guide/template-syntax) guide.

Read about how to write template expressions in  [Template expressions](guide/template-syntax#template-expressions).

{@a template-reference-variable}

## template reference variable

> A template reference variable, `#var`, is a reference to a DOM element within a template.

Reviewer 2: These variables can also refer to component or directive instances, so we should probably reflect that in the definition somewhere. Maybe...:

```suggestion
A template reference variable, `#var`, is a reference to a DOM element, component instance, or directive instance within a template.
```

We should probably also explain the basic rules, i.e. that 
- if the var is declared on a component, it's the component instance
- if the var is declared on a normal tag, it's the element
- if the var has a specific export (e.g. `#var="ngModel"`), it's whichever directive or component matches that `exportAs` string

> A template reference variable, `#var`, is a reference to a DOM element, component instance, or directive instance within a template.

Reviewer 3: We are missing the `<ng-template #ref>` in this list - in this case we are getting `TemplateRef` which is neither DOM element nor directive / component instance: https://stackblitz.com/edit/angular-azphjr?file=src/app/app.module.ts

Reviewer 4: How about something like
```markdown
A variable defined in a template that references a directive instance,
components instance, DOM element, or embedded template.
```
or, if we don't want to be strictly comprehensive
```markdown
A variable defined in a template that references an instance
associated with an element, such as a directive instance, 
component instance, or DOM element.
```

I also noticed looking at this now the the start of the entry was inconsistent with other entries; it looks like most of the other entries don't start with "_term_ is..."

Author: Added to this list. And thank you for the example! I'll add it to the example code in https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/31195

Reviewer 4: Did you push your changes? I see the same text as earlier

Reviewer 3: Yeh, I also don't see TemplateRef mentioned here. Is it intentional?

Author: Oh! I think I accidentally added it to another branch! Now I've put it in here. And I have added `TemplateRef` to the list. Is this ok?

> A variable defined in a template that references an instance associated with an element, such as a directive instance, component instance, template as in `TemplateRef`, or DOM element.

@pkozlowski-opensource I added a section on TemplateRef based on your example and notes, too: https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/31195/files#diff-fe1da8d4b293de490dd0cef57e6d036bR1880

Once that's in I can add a link, What do you two think?

> Elements can share information by referring to one another through these variables.

Reviewer 3: Hmmm, this doesn't sound quite right to me. It is not like elements share information here.
I would rather say that directives can access to referenced things.

Reviewer 4: How about
```markdown
After declaring a template reference variable on an element in a template,
you can access values from that variable elsewhere within the same template.
```

Read about how to write template expressions in  [Template expressions](guide/template-syntax#template-expressions).

{@a template-reference-variable}

## template reference variable

A template reference variable, `#var`, is a reference to a DOM element, component instance, or directive instance within a template.
Elements can share information by referring to one another through these variables.

> In the following example `#phone` is the template reference variable.

Reviewer 4: The following example defines a template reference variable named `#phone`

(active voice)

<code-example path="template-reference-variables/src/app/app.component.html" region="ref-var" header="src/app/app.component.html"></code-example>

> There are several basic rules regarding template reference variables.

Reviewer 4: I would phrase this like
```markdown
The following semantics describe the behavior of template reference variables:
```

To me, the word "rules" implies they're restrictions on how the feature may be used, but we're actually just describing how the feature functions.

* If you declare the variable on a component, the variable refers to the component instance.
* If you declare the variable on a standard HTML tag, the variable refers to the element.

> * If the variable has a specific export, for example, #var="ngModel", the variable refers the directive or component that matches that `exportAs` string.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* If the variable specifies a name on the right-hand side (e.g. `#var="ngModel"`), the variable refers the directive or component on the element with a matching `exportAs` name.
```
